Welcome to the course for an Introduction
for Data Science Methodology.
This is the beginning of a story
you'll tell others about for years.
Your story won't be in
the form you experience here.
But rather through the stories you'll be
sharing with others as you explain how
your understanding of a question resulted
in an answer that changed house something
was done.
During this course, you'll gain indepth
insights into data science methodologies.
After you complete this course, you'll be
able to describe how data scientists apply
structured approach to
solve business problems.
And you'll be ready to start creating your
own data science methodology stories.
You'll master the basics of foundational
data science methodology through
instructional videos that incorporate
a real life case study readings,
interactive hands-on labs and
practice assessments.
Where you can practice your skills,
downloadable glossaries for
your reference, and graded assessments
at the end of each lesson.
And the end of the course where
you can validate your knowledge.
Let's take a more detailed
view of the course content.
In each lesson within each module,
you'll explore two foundational
data science methodology stages.
In Module 1, Lesson 1, you'll explore
the stages, business understanding and
analytics approach.
In Module 1, Lesson 2, you discover
data scientists work during the data
requirements and data collection stages.
In Module 2, Lesson 1, you'll examine
the work that happens during the data
understanding and data preparation stages.
Next, in Module 2, Lesson 2, you'll study
the modeling and evaluation stages.
And finally, in module three, you'll focus
on the deployment and feedback stages.
The case study in the course highlights
how to apply data science methodology in
the following real world scenario.
A healthcare facility has a limited budget
to properly address a patient's condition
before their initial discharge.
The core question is what is the best way
to allocate these funds to maximize their
use to provide quality care?
As you'll see, if the new data
science pilot program is successful,
the facility will deliver better patient
care by giving physicians new tools to
incorporate timely data driven
information into patient care decisions.
When viewing case study information, use
the icons displayed at the top right hand
corner of your screen to help you
differentiate theory from practice.
While participating in the course, if you
encounter challenges or have questions.
You can find support and
answers and connect with other learners
in the course's discussion forums.
You're ready for this course if have
basic data science knowledge and
you know how to use Jupyter Notebooks.
And now, welcome to the course.
We look forward to you completing this
course, earning a valuable certificate,
and continuing your path
to a data science career.
[MUSIC]